Project Overview
---------------
This repository is my final project submission for my Spring 2026 Data Science Capstone course in DATS 6501 at The George Washington University. The project is an implementation of a deep learning-based lane detection system as part of driving video analysis. The project is now extended beyond simple modeling to an end-to-end application that uses machine learning as well as an effective web-based interface. Currently, my project is an application that enables users to upload driving videos, automatically detect lanes in those videos using machine learning, preview the results of the processing in the web interface, as well as download the final results.

The project is centered on my implementation of a Fully Convolutional Neural Network that was trained as part of my lane detection project. Additionally, there is a processing pipeline that utilizes this trained model to automatically detect lanes in driving videos by overlaying them onto the original video stream. The application is now integrated into an end-to-end application that uses machine learning as well as an effective web-based interface. The application is an example of how deep learning is used in conjunction with other computer-related disciplines in full-stack application development.

The information provided in this README is based on the status of the project currently. Further enhancements and developments are planned for the upcoming days to reach the final submission status. The focus is currently on enhancing the performance of the model in adverse road and lighting conditions, better evaluation criteria, and further enhancements to the interface and presentation of the output. As and when developments are made to the project, this repository and its associated documentation shall be updated to reflect new developments and enhancements to reach the final status of the system.
